README.md, before:

# PySick

>So Sick of Python

This is my python code repo, I include in this repo some projects that I have thought of, or ideas I found tumbling over.

I do present some of the scripts info in this readme, but it is definetly not thorough. So please Don't blame me if you discover a feature, or a bug (Report that in issues);

---

## 16-bit-clock

This program is a command-line utility to display a 16-bit clock inspired by : https://github.com/lucasdnd/16-bit-clock/.

It's extremly similar, but also adds some punch by also outputting the current bits(fancy time units :smile:) as a list.

## prime.py

> Sorry, can't think of better name.

It is a simple script which searches for primes till a given number and adds it to list. It can be easily extended and improved.

It finds primes till 10,000 in just: `0.06215965747833252` seconds i.e. 6 milliseconds on an ancient 2006 computer.

> average of 10 runs, print time excluded

## stats.py

This simple module, or file contains data class which stores data and can apply various stats methods on it. It is capable of classifying data into intervals.

## Enigma
This

---

By [Aditya](http://adiultra.cf)
Don't forget to check my [blag](http://adilnx.tk).

Commit message:

minor adjustment in stats.py, improved README added todo :pencil:

README.md, after:

# PySick

>So Sick of Python

This is my python code repo, I include in this repo some projects that I have thought of, or ideas I found tumbling over.

I do present some of the scripts info in this readme, but it is definetly not thorough. So please Don't blame me if you discover a feature, or a bug (Report that in issues);

---

## 16-bit-clock

This program is a command-line utility to display a 16-bit clock inspired by : https://github.com/lucasdnd/16-bit-clock/.

It's extremly similar, but also adds some punch by also outputting the current bits(fancy time units :smile:) as a list.

## prime.py

> Sorry, can't think of better name.

It is a simple script which searches for primes till a given number and adds it to list. It can be easily extended and improved.

It finds primes till 10,000 in just: `0.06215965747833252` seconds i.e. 6 milliseconds on an ancient 2006 computer.

> average of 10 runs, print time excluded

## stats.py

This simple module, or file contains data class which stores data and can apply various stats methods on it. It is capable of classifying data into intervals.

## Enigma

This is the crazy python script for encrypting/decrypting some text. It can generate a key for you or you can manually enter one.

---

## TODO :pencil:

* [ ] improve stats.py
* [ ] complete surface.py
* [ ] add file encryption in enigma

By [Aditya](http://adiultra.cf)
Don't forget to check my [blag](http://adilnx.tk).
